Add RFC for 'how we work' (#3874)
wellcometrust/platform: docs/rfcs/015-how_we_work/code_reviews.md

# Code Reviews

> Code reviews are intended to ensure code changes meet a high standard and to share best practise between team members.

Reviewer: what about sharing with the rest of the team (non-devs) what is going out by being transparent. Commenting shouldn't only be on code in the case of function / business logic, and thus PRs in this field should be clear in their description as to what they are doing if someone who doesn't read code will be looking at it.

Author: Can you either suggest an inline change or clarify in a future PR?

Reviewer: Code reviews are intended to ensure code changes meet a high standard and to share best practise between team members.

```suggestion
Code reviews are intended to keep the quality of code high and understandable, while ensuring we are working in an iterative, pragmatic way.

They also help share best practise between team members.
```

Code reviews should:

- Be performed by a developer who did not write the code.
- Require approval from:
   - **one** other developer in the case of project work
   - **two** developers (one of whom is from a different team) in the case of library changes.
- Not block release, i.e. changes can be requested in later PRs where that change is not critical to the purpose of the existing PR.
- Ask for clarification where code or purpose is unclear.
- Be polite.

Some guidelines:

- Nit picking is okay but should be labelled as such.
- Developers from any team can comment on any PR that they feel qualified to (it is expected that this happen).
- The developer who opened a PR should be the one to merge it.
- Examples of how to structure code or links to resources that clarify are helpful.

> 

Reviewer: Is there something here around how to take a PR - the thing that comes to mind is "assume good intent". `Polite` is quite subjective.

Maybe something about adding a linting rule is easier than nitpicking code style?
